[DOCS-14571] Update Metrics on Config doc (#37620)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/configuration/_index.md

- `timestamp`: The date and time the metric is created.
- `tags`: Includes tags such as `host`.

> Whether a received metric is `incremental` or `absolute` depends on the source. For example, metrics from [OpenTelemetry][4] can either be incremental or absolute based on their temporality. The following table is an example of an OTel counter metric sent with delta versus cumulative temporality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether a received metric is `incremental` or `absolute` depends on the source. For example, metrics from OpenTelemetry can either be incremental or absolute based on their [temporality][4]. The following table is an example of an OTel counter metric sent with delta versus cumulative temporality.
```
This can go either way, but this link text might be more directly related to the link content?

> | Metric Type | Incremental                      | Absolute                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Metric Type | Delta                      | Cumulative                               |
```
Also wondering if these should use the same terminology as above?

Author: Actually, they are different things. Metric kinds are `incremental` or `absolute` and for OTel that is determined by temporality (deltas or cumulative sum).

Reviewer: Oh, gotcha, thanks for clarifying! I wonder if users will make the same mistake; might be worth clarifying if you think they might?

Author: We do mention: 
> OpenTelemetry can either be incremental or absolute based on their [temporality][4].

Reviewer: Yeah, that's true, I think I'm just not familiar with the product area so I got confused 😅 If you think readers will get it then let's leave it!

- `timestamp`: The date and time the metric is created.
- `tags`: Includes tags such as `host`.

> Whether the metrics a source sends is `incremental` or `absolute` depends on the specific source. For example, [OpenTelemetry](7) can send either kinds of metrics, depending on the use case.

Reviewer 2: There's a type (`metrics a source`). Also maybe some examples would help with clarity. E.g. something more like this (maybe needs a few more tweaks):
```suggestion
Whether a metric is `incremental` or `absolute` is source-dependent. For example, [OpenTelemetry](7) can send either incremental or absolute metrics (e.g. a counter metric can be sent either as a delta or as a cumulative sum)
```

Author: ```suggestion
Whether a metric received is `incremental` or `absolute` depends on the source. For example, [OpenTelemetry][7] can send either incremental or absolute metrics, which means metrics can be sent as a delta or a cumulative sum. The following table is an example of a counter metric sent as deltas versus a cumulative sum.

| Metric Type | Incremental | Absolute |
|-------------|-------------|----------|
| Counter | Sent as deltas: `+2`, `+4`, `+6` | Sent as cumulative total: `2`, `6`, `10` |
```

Reviewer 2: Could still use some slight tweaks - "which means metrics can be sent as a delta or a cumulative sum" doesn't really make sense. Maybe something more like

```suggestion
Whether a received metric is `incremental` or `absolute` depends on the source. For example, metrics from [OpenTelemetry][7] can either be incremental or absolute based on their temporality. The following table is an example of an OTel counter metric sent with delta versus cumulative temporality.

| Metric Type | Incremental | Absolute |
|-------------|-------------|----------|
| Counter | Sent as deltas: `+2`, `+4`, `+6` | Sent as cumulative sum: `2`, `6`, `10` |
```
